gksudo gedit etc/hosts
127.0.0.1 facebook.com www.facebook.com

windirstat
pidgin
clamav
gnucash

Tried reaching out to you,
but you were so damn ignorant & a fool.
so now I'm saying fuck you & good bye;
its time to get you outta my mind!


Life is like a party; you invite a lot of people,
some go, some join you and some laugh with you, some don’t come. But in the end after the fun, there would be a few who would clean up the mess with you. And most of the time those were the uninvited ones.

There’s a point in your life when you know who stays forever, and who’s just around for a while. People change, so do you. Sometimes for the best, and sometimes for the worst. Bad things happen to everyone, you’re not in it alone. People
lie, and some people just don’t care how you feel. Your heart beats, no matter how much pain you’re in. Everything will be okay… eventually. There are always people in your life that just make your day, no matter what.

I approached a kid and asked: “What is love?”
The kid answered, “Love is when a puppy licks your face.” I laughed, but then he added, “Even when you left him alone all day"

Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says 'I'll try again tomorrow.

Too often we underestimate the power of
a touch, a smile, a kind word, an honest
compliment, or the smallest act of caring,
all of which has the potential to turn a
life around.

I really wonder why people suddenly change after they get what they wanted. one day they’re sweet, the next day, they’re not. one day they’re here, the next day they’re not. One day you’re important to them, the next day you’re worthless.
One day they love you, the next day they don’t care about you. that’s how ironic people and things can be. pretty shits, pretty lies, pretty fucked up. but it’s still your choice. Cause you
choose to get hurt when you choose to be in
love.



I, Aditya Varma, am applying to Playzio for position as an intern. More specifically, I am interested in mobile gaming. My long-term goal is to be actively involved in mobile gaming. I look forward to such an involvement as an intern at your company.
I soon realized that, although I enjoy handling the complex equipment and processing the results, I am not going to be satisfied with carrying out routine procedures under the direction of others. I want to be part of the team that directs the course of the project.
I look forward to a career in research where I cannot only use my academic background to achieve my goals but also make original contributions to my field of interest. I believe that intern at your company would provide me with the new opportunities and would be the stepping-stone to my career in research.
